Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"...
Kalin: YUSEI!
AND HIS BIRDBRAIN FRIEND.
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW LONG I'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT.
IT'S A SHAME IT'LL
BE OVER SO QUICKLY.
[SNORT]
[BOTH GASP]
Yusei: KALIN KESSLER?
YOU WERE ONCE OUR FRIEND!
"ONCE YOUR FRIEND," YES.
BUT NOW... YOUR ENEMY!
AFTER WHAT YOU DID TO ME
THIS IS SWEET JUSTICE,
DEAR OLD FRIEND!
SO YOU'RE A DARK SIGNER.
Carly: JACK...
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT SEEMS LIKE YOU KNOW
THAT GUY DOWN THERE
WITH YUSEI.
HE'S FROM THE SATELLITE.
WE USED TO ALL
DUEL TOGETHER.
LET'S GO.
IT'S MY TURN!
I SUMMON INFERNALTY BEAST!
AND NOW... INFERNALTY BEAST
TAKE OUT HIS SPEED WARRIOR!
AAAAH!!
THE POWERS
OF THE DARK SHADOWS
REALLY SUIT ME!
DUELS ARE MUCH MORE EXCITING
WHEN I CAN DISH OUT REAL PAIN!
INFERNALTY FIEND
ATTACK YUSEI DIRECTLY!
YUSEI!
HANG ON, PAL!
[LAUGHS]
HEY, YUSEI... HERE'S
A HELPING HAND!
TOO BAD THE ONLY ONE
IT'S GOING TO HELP IS ME.
[LAUGHS]
NOW PREPARE TO BE ABSORBED
INTO THE NETHERWORLD.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Kalin: YUSEI, THE POWER
OF MY INFERNITY FIEND
IS GOING TO SEND YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD FOREVER!
[GRUNTS]
YUSEI!
WATCH OUT PAL!
[SNARLING ROAR]
THE POWER OF YOUR MONSTER
IS NO MATCH
FOR THE ABILITY OF MY
SCRAP IRON SCARECROW,
'CAUSE WHEN THIS TRAP IS PLAYED
IT CANCELS OUT YOUR ATTACK!
[SNORT]
Yusei: AND THEN, ONCE IT REPELS
YOUR ATTACK,
I GET TO PLACE IT
BACK IN MY HAND.
[GRUNTS] [THINKING]
GOOD MOVE YUSEI,
BUT YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO BE GREAT
TO BEAT KALIN.
[THINKING] NOW THAT
WAS A CLOSE ONE.
AND I KNOW IT'S GONNA
GET EVEN CLOSER
'CAUSE KALIN NEVER WAS ONE
TO PULL ANY PUNCHES!
YUSEI, TRY TO KEEP UP
WITH ME WILL YA!
[SNORT]
AND PLEASE PLAY SOMETHING NEW
FOR A CHANGE OK!
I LIKE SURPRISES.
AND I HOPE YOU DO TOO,
BECAUSE THIS FACEDOWN
ISN'T JUST SOME OLD TRAP
WE'VE BEEN USING
SINCE GRADE SCHOOL
LIKE THAT SCARECROW OF YOURS!
I UPPED MY GAME.
HAVE YOU?
DON'T NEED TO!
MY DECK...
HAS NEVER LET ME DOWN!
WELL THERE'S A FIRST TIME
FOR EVERYTHING!
[THINKING] I SURE
HOPE HE'S WRONG!
IT'S MY TURN!
[THINKING] AND BOY
WAS HE WRONG!
YOU KNOW I LIKE TO DO
THINGS THE OLD-FASHIONED
WAY KALIN,
SO I THINK I'LL PLAY
A FAVORITE OF MINE...
JUNK SYNCHRON!
AND WITH HIM OUT,
I GET TO RE-SUMMON
A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND ADD HIM
TO THE FIELD.
SO I'M GONNA SUMMON OUT
ANOTHER OLDIE
BUT GOODIE.
SAY HELLO TO MY
SPEED WARRIOR!
[GROWLS AND ROARS]
AND WHILE WE'RE PLAYING
"YUSEI'S GREATEST HITS,"
WHY DON'T WE HIT UP
A CLASSIC!
I TUNE JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY SPEED WARRIOR
IN ORDER
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
[GROWLS AND ROARS]
NOT BAD.
BUT WAY TOO PREDICTABLE!
WELL HOW'S THIS
FOR PREDICTABLE?
I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP SHARD OF HOPE!
NOW IF YOU TAKE DAMAGE,
I GET TO DRAW A CARD.
AND IF IT'S A TRAP,
I GET TO ACTIVATE IT!
AND WITH YOUR MONSTERS
IN ATTACK MODE,
IT LOOKS LIKE
THAT DAMAGE
IS GONNA COME
SOONER RATHER
THAN LATER!
[SCOFFS] DON'T BE
SO SURE YUSEI...
I STILL HAVE
MY TRAP IN PLAY.
[THINKING]
KALIN'S RIGHT.
HE CAN STILL
TRIGGER THE EFFECT
OF HIS DEPTH AMULET.
ALL HE HAS TO DO
IS THROW AWAY
A CARD FROM HIS HAND
AND MY ATTACK
IS CANCELLED,
LEAVING ME OUTTA MOVES.
BUT I'VE DUELED
NEXT TO KALIN
LONG ENOUGH TO KNOW
THE ONLY THING HE HATES
WORSE THAN A LOSING HAND
IS AN EMPTY ONE.
THERE'S NO WAY
HE'S GONNA RISK HIS HAND
JUST TO STOP MY ATTACK!
UNLESS THAT'S HIS PLAN?
TIME TO SEE
WHAT HE'S UP TO.
JUNK WARRIOR, ATTACK!
[GROWLS AND ROARS]
[GASP]
WHEN I SAID THAT
I UPPED MY GAME
I WASN'T JUST TALKING ABOUT
THE CARDS IN MY DECK, YUSEI!
I GOT A WHOLE NEW STRATEGY!
[GRUNTS]
Kalin: DEPTH AMULET
CANCELS YOUR ATTACK!
[LAUGHS]
GUESS KALIN'S GOT
SOME NEW TRICKS
UP HIS SLEEVE.
WELL THIS NEXT MOVE,
MIGHT JUST
MAKE YOU DISAPPEAR.
OH GREAT, WHAT NOW?!
SOMETHING NEW!
I SACRIFICE
BOTH MY MONSTERS TO SUMMON
A WHOLE NEW KIND
OF CREATURE!
AFTER ALL, ONE GOOD TUNER
DESERVES ANOTHER!
I ADVANCE SUMMON
DARK TUNER NIGHTMARE HAND!
BUT WITH A DARK TUNER
ON YOUR FIELD...
YOU GUESSED IT... I CAN
SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND.
AND THIS ONE WON'T BE
SOME ANCIENT RELIC
I USED BACK IN HIGH SCHOOL!
WHAT IS IT?
HE GOES BY THE NAME
INFERNITY DWARF...
[GRUNTS]
HE MIGHT BE TINY,
BUT AS THE SAYING GOES
BIG THINGS COME
IN SMALL PACKAGES.
AND IT'S NEVER BEEN
MORE TRUE THAN NOW,
CAUSE I'M TUNING HIM
WITH MY NIGHTMARE HAND
IN ORDER TO PERFORM
A DARK SYNCHRO SUMMON!
[GROWLS]
[GRUNTS]
Kalin: WHEN THE SHADOWS ARE
DEVOURED BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
LET'S SEE YOUR SIGN
SAVE YOU NOW!
[CHUCKLES]
WHATEVER HE'S SUMMONING,
I GOTTA FEELING I'M NOT
GONNA LIKE IT!
YOU'RE NO MATCH
FOR THE POWER OF MY
DARK DECK YUSEI!
NOW PREPARE TO MEET
THE SHADOWS
OF THE NETHERWORLD!
I SUMMON:
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON!
[ROARS AND GROWLS]
Duel runner computer:
WHEN ONE HUNDRED EYED DRAGON
IS FACE UP ON THE FIELD
IT CAN GAIN
THE SPECIAL ABILITIES
OF ALL THE DARK ATTRIBUTE
MONSTERS IN YOUR GRAVEYARD.
3,000 ATTACK POINTS?!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
IN FACT, THAT MONSTER'S
MORE POWERFUL
THAN ANYTHING I HAVE
IN MY DECK.
HOW AM I GONNA
STOP THIS THING?
UH... JACK, WHAT IS THAT??!!
BAD NEWS FOR US.
WHERE'D HE GET THAT FROM?!
KALIN NEVER HAD THAT
IN HIS DECK!
AND AFTER ALL THE DUELS
I'VE BEEN A PART OF,
NEITHER HAS ANYONE ELSE!
[ROARS]
[GRUNTS]
[SNICKER]
IF YOU THINK HE LOOKS
TOUGH NOW,
JUST WAIT TILL
YOU SEE HIM IN BATTLE!
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON,
ATTACK!!!
[GROWL AND ROAR]
YUSEI!
I PLAY MY TRAP CARD:
SCRAP IRON SCARECROW!
THAT'S THE MOVE
I WAS EXPECTING YOU
TO DEFEND WITH.
I GUESS OLD HABITS
ARE HARD TO BREAK.
PERHAPS MY DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES
WILL HELP YOU
TURN OVER A NEW LEAF.
ABILITIES?
THAT'S RIGHT!
MY DRAGON CAN NOW
ACTIVATE THE ABILITY
OF ANY MONSTER
IN MY GRAVE.
AND I THINK WE'LL START
WITH INFERNITY BEAST!
DUE TO THE ABILITY
OF MY BEAST...
OR SHOULD I SAY DRAGON,
IF I HAVE ZERO CARDS
IN MY HAND, WHICH I DO,
YOU CAN'T ACTIVATE
ANY SPELLS OR TRAPS!
[GASP]
HE WANTED TO GET RID
OF HIS CARDS.
NOW THEN... LET'S TRY
THAT ATTACK AGAIN SHALL WE?!
GO, INFINITY SIGHT STREAM!
[ROARS]
[SHOUTS]
[LAUGHS]
HEY YUSEI!
IS THAT SOME KIND
OF NEW DANCE CRAZE?
NOW HANG ON TIGHT.
I WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT
YOU STICK AROUND FOR THIS.
AFTER ALL, I'VE BEEN DREAMING
OF THIS DAY FOR YEARS, YUSEI!
AND NOW, I GET TO DEAL YOU
A LITTLE JUSTICE
YOU BACKSTABBING TRAITOR!
"BUT KALIN?!"
BUT NOTHING YUSEI!
[GRUNTS]
IF THAT'S THE WAY
IT'S GONNA BE...
I DRAW!
HMMM.
I SUMMON ROCKSTONE
WARRIOR TO THE FIELD,
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[GRUNTS AND GROWLS]
PLEASE.
YOU'RE JUST DELAYING
THE INEVITABLE.
TELL IT TO MY FACEDOWN.
YOU'RE UP.
WELL, NOT THAT
IT MATTERS,
BUT NOW YOU CAN
ATTACK ME NEXT ROUND
SINCE MY DEPTH AMULET
IS ALL OUT OF POWER.
OR YOU CAN JUST
KEEP SITTING THERE
WHILE I KICK YOUR TAIL PIPE
ALL OVER THE SATELLITE!
[THINKING]
KALIN'S RIGHT!
EVEN MY STARDUST DRAGON
CAN'T TAKE ON
THAT HUNDRED-EYED THING.
I'VE NEVER SEEN HIM
DUEL LIKE THIS!
HOW DID HE LOSE SIGHT
OF OUR GOAL?!
Yusei: I'VE GOT TO FIND OUT
WHAT MADE THE DUELIST
WHO USED TO BE MY BEST FRIEND
DECIDE TO CHANGE HIS PATH.
KALIN... PLEASE TELL ME
WHY YOU TURNED
ON ALL OF US.
[SCOFFS] I NEEDED TO FREE
THE KALIN YOU HELD BACK!
THAT'S A LIE!
I ONLY TRIED
TO HELP MY FRIEND!
BECAUSE... YOU CHANGED...
[GRUNTS]
YOU CHANGED FIRST.
WE COULD HAVE CONTROLLED
THE WHOLE CITY.
IT WAS JUST
THE 4 OF US BACK THEN.
JACK, YOU, ME, AND CROW...
WE WERE GOING TO USE OUR DECKS
TO CLEAN UP THE SATELLITE...
OR DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
OK, ENFORCERS,
LET'S DO THIS... [SHOUTS]
Kalin: WE TOOK ON EVERY
DUEL GANG IN THE CITY,
LOCKING THEM INTO DUELS
WITH GRAPPLING HOOKS
SO THEY COULDN'T GET AWAY.
CRIME WAS DOWN.
PEOPLE FELT SAFE.
THE SATELLITE WAS A PLACE
YOU COULD CALL HOME.
ALRIGHT!
NOW, WHO ELSE
WANTS SOME?!
DO YOU HAVE
ANY IDEA WHO WE ARE?!
NO ONE CAN BEAT
THE ENFORCERS!
Kalin: EVERY DAY WAS
A DIFFERENT BATTLE,
A DIFFERENT DUEL.
[GRUNTS]
Kalin: THIS WAS A WAR!
A WAR FOR OUR HOMES,
FAMILIES, AND FRIENDS!
AND WE WERE WINNING!
ONE BY ONE,
THE DUEL GANGS GAVE UP.
THEY COULDN'T HANDLE
THE 4 OF US...
OUR DECKS, OR OUR DUELING.
ONE BY ONE, THE STREETS
WERE SAFE AGAIN.
ONE BY ONE,
PEOPLE WERE LEARNING
THAT THE SATELLITE WAS OUR CITY.
AND WE WERE GONNA DO
WHAT SECURITY COULDN'T.
ONE BY ONE, THEY BELIEVED.
UNTIL THERE WAS ONLY ONE LEFT.
DOWNTOWN.
THEY'RE THE LAST DUEL GANG
THAT'S OUT THERE.
ALSO THE TOUGHEST. READY?
[ALL GRUNT]
THEN LET'S GET TO WORK!
Kalin: THIS WALK
DOWN MEMORY LANE
IS QUITE THE TRIP YUSEI.
NOW WHERE WERE WE,
OH YES, I REMEMBER...
THE 4 OF US HEADED INTO
THE DOWNTOWN SECTOR,
WITH ONE MORE DUEL GANG
TO TAKE CARE OF.
ARMED WITH ONLY OUR DECKS
AND EACH OTHER.
PEEK-A-BOO, I SEE YOU.
DON'T LOOK NOW GUYS, BUT I THINK
THEY'VE GOT US SURROUNDED!
[LAUGHS]
THESE ARE
THE ODDS I LIKE!
AFTER ALL, WHERE'S THE FUN
IF THERE'S NO CHALLENGE TO IT.
LET'S DUEL!
[ALL GRUNT]
[WARRIORS GRUNT]
EENIE-MEENY-MINY-MOE!
CATCH A DUELIST BY THE TOE.
Jack: AND IF HE HOLLARS,
LET HIM GO,
'CAUSE TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER'S
JOINING THE SHOW!
[GRUNTS]
GOTCHA!
HOOK, LINE, AND SINKER!
[SHOUTS]
Kalin: APPEARS YOU FELL
A LITTLE SHORT OF YOUR GOAL!
[GRUNTS]
NICE CATCH.
LOOKS LIKE
YOUR GANG'S FINISHED!
WELL I'M A ONE GANG
ARMY, PAL!
THEN I GUESS IT'S TIME
YOU AND ME WENT TO WAR!
THERE'S NO ESCAPING
THIS BATTLE NOW!
[CHUCKLES]
YOU SERIOUSLY
WANT A WAR?
WELL NOW YOU'VE GOT
A TUG-OF-WAR!
[GRUNTS] DON'T WORRY
IF YOU DON'T
KNOW THE RULES!
HOLD UP!
YOU'LL GET THE HANG OF IT!
[GRUNTS]
[LAUGHS]
DON'T FALL!
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS]
[GASP]
THERE'S NO CARD...
FOR THIS.
[SCREAMS]
YUSEI!
[GRUNTS]
[SIGH]
Kalin: HANG ON YUSEI.
[GRUNTS]
KALIN!
I GOT YA!
[GROANS]
[CHUCKLES]
HOW IRONIC.
TO THINK THAT
I SAVED YOU THAT DAY
AND NOW ALL I WANT TO DO IS
SEND YOU TO THE NETHWERWORLD!
I WAS SUCH A FOOL!
BUT I'M WISER NOW.
I PLAY THE SPEED SPELL
POWER BATON!
YOU KNOW ALL ABOUT SPEED,
DON'T YOU, YUSEI?
AFTER ALL, YOU WERE
AWFULLY QUICK TO BETRAY ME!
AND WITH THIS SPELL,
I CAN CHOOSE A MONSTER
FROM MY DECK
AND SEND IT
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
THEN MY DRAGON GETS
A NICE LITTLE TREAT.
ALL OF THOSE EXTRA
ATTACK POINTS
THAT I JUST SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD
ARE TRANSFERRED TO HIM!
AND I CHOOSE
MY INFERNITY DESTROYER!
I THINK ITS
2,300 ATTACK POINTS
SHOULD DEFINITELY
DO THE TRICK!
WHAT?!
NOW IT'S BEEN A WHILE SINCE
I CRACKED OPEN A MATH BOOK,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE MY DRAGON
NOW HAS ENOUGH POWER
TO SEND YOU AND YOUR DECK
TO THE SHADOWS!
[LAUGHS]
[ROAR]
AND NOW, FOR YOUR PLEASURE:
THE MAIN EVENT!
I ACTIVATE
HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
HE GETS THE POWER OF THE DWARF
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
SO ALL THE BATTLE DAMAGE
THAT WOULD NORMALLY BE
ABSORBED BY YOUR MONSTER
IS DEALT TO YOU AS DAMAGE.
[SIGH] IT'S JUST
SO HARD TO FIND
GOOD DEFENSIVE HELP
THESE DAYS, ISN'T IT?
[GIGGLE]
PREPARE TO MEET
THE SHADOWS YUSEI
BECAUSE THIS GAME
IS OVER!
[GRUNTS]
NOTHING'S OVER
TILL I SAY IT IS!
EVER THE OPTIMIST.
NOW ONE HUNDRED-EYED
DRAGON... ATTACK!!!
[GROWLS]
[MOAN]
FINALLY, I'LL GET
MY REVENGE
FOR WHAT YOU DID TO ME
THAT NIGHT YUSEI!
NOT TODAY!
ROCKSTONE'S GOT
SPECIAL ABILITIES
HIMSELF
AND ALL OF YOUR
BATTLE DAMAGE
IS CANCELLED!
[LAUGHS]
I SHOULD BE
THANKING YOU YUSEI!
AFTER ALL, YOU'RE HERE
TO DUEL ANOTHER ROUND!
THAT'S ANOTHER CHANCE
FOR ME TO TOY WITH YOU
BEFORE I SEND YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
I TOLD YOU THAT RAINY NIGHT
THAT I'D GET YOU BACK!
NOW LOOK!
YOU'RE DOWN
TO YOUR LAST 2 CARDS!
YOU COULDN'T
TAKE OUT A KURIBOH,
LET ALONE
MY HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON!
YOU'RE FINISHED!
[LAUGHS]
JUST LIKE BEFORE!
REMEMBER?!
I HAD YOUR FATE
IN MY HANDS!
I REMEMBER!
THAT DAY...
YOU SAVED ME!
WHAT HAPPENED?
TELL ME!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY BEST FRIEND?!
WHAT HAPPENED IS THAT
I'M NOT THE SAME SAP
I WAS BACK THEN.
[GRUNTS]
[SHOUTS]
[GROANS]
KALIN! LISTEN!
THAT RAIL
WON'T HOLD US!!
JUST LET GO!
YOU HAVE...
NO WAY!
YUSEI, WE'RE BROS...
IF YOU FALL
THEN I'M FALLIN' WITH YOU!
NOW QUIT... HANGIN' AROUND
AND CLIMB!
THANK YOU.
SAVE IT! AAH!
YOU WERE RIGHT,
I SHOULDA LET YOU FALL.
AND NOW I'M
GOING TO MAKE UP FOR IT!
SO I ACTIVATE
ANOTHER OF MY DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES!
NOW HE GETS
DESTROYER'S POWER!
AND TRUST ME WHEN I SAY
THAT THE DAMAGE YOU'LL
TAKE FROM THIS ATTACK
IS NOTHING
COMPARED TO THE DAMAGE
I'VE BEEN CARRYING AROUND
ALL THESE YEARS
BECAUSE OF YOU!
[SHOUTS]
[YUSEI GRUNTS]
Kalin: YOU NEED TO GO
ON A DIET YUSEI.
YOU'VE BEEN EATING
TOO MANY EGGWICHES.
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
THANKS MAN...
I OWE YOU.
[LAUGHING PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
YOU'LL NEVER KICK ME
OUT OF MY TURF!!
[GRUNTS]
[MOAN]
Crow: WAY TO GO JACK!
Jack: AND THAT'S
THE LAST OF THEM!
All: TOGETHER FOREVER!
Crow: GUYS, THAT'S IT!
WE DID IT!
CROW'S RIGHT.
WE'RE
THE TOP DUELISTS
IN THE SATELLITE!
THERE'S NO ONE LEFT.
YEP!
GUESS WE FIGHT
OURSELVES NOW!
[LAUGHTER]
Yusei: THAT'LL BE
THE DAY!
Jack: I'VE GOT YUSEI, FIRST!
Yusei: IN YOUR DREAMS JACK!
[LAUGHTER]
THEN IT LOOKS LIKE WE GOTTA
FIND OURSELVES A NEW ENEMY!
[LAUGHTER]
Kalin: AND WHEN I DID,
YOU TURNED YOUR BACK
ON ME.
[SHOUTS]
I COULD HAVE
GIVEN YOU EVERYTHING!
BUT YOU WERE TOO SCARED!
YUSEI! COME ON!
YOU CAN MAKE IT!
KEEP RIDING!
YUSEI!
[LAUGHS]
[GRUNTS]
Yusei: I JUST WISH
I KNEW WHY YOU CHANGED.
DON'T YOU GET IT YET
OLD FRIEND?!
NO.
THEN I GUESS I'LL HAVE
TO SPELL IT OUT FOR YOU!
YOU KNEW THE ONLY WAY
THE SATELLITE COULD BE OURS
WAS IF WE ELIMINATED
EVERY THREAT.
WE WERE A TEAM UNTIL
YOU CONVINCED CROW AND JACK
TO TRY AND TAKE ME DOWN.
KALIN! STOP!
KALIN!
SO I TOOK IT UPON
MYSELF TO TAKE ON
THE ONLY ENEMY THAT
REMAINED... SECTOR SECURITY.
I COULDN'T LET THEM RUIN
EVERYTHING WE HAD ACCOMPLISHED.
SO I DID
WHAT I HAD TO DO
UNTIL YOU STOPPED ME
THAT NIGHT.
LET GO!
YOU LET ME FALL
HARD AND FAST.
AND NOW I'M HERE
TO MAKE GOOD ON MY PROMISE.
MARK MY WORDS
YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS!!
Yusei: YOU WERE BLINDED
BY YOUR DREAM!
AND NOW THAT I KNOW
YOU DUEL TO DESTROY,
I'M TAKING YOU OUT!
YOU'RE WRONG.
'CAUSE YOUR DAYS OF DUELING
ARE ABOUT TO END.
[GROWLS]